README.md, before:

Delta
=====

`%delta` is an Urbit app for demonstrating how to handle
subscriptions.

`%delta` has to agents:

Delta
-----

`:delta` accepts a single action, `&delta-action`. It accepts
one of two marks, `%push` and `%pop`. `%push` takes a `@p` and
a `@` noun, which will be added to a list of `@` in the target
ship.

```
> :delta &delta-action [%push ~zod "ha"]
```

`%pop` takes a `@p`. It will remove the head of the list containing
the current agent state in the target ship.

```
> :delta &delta-action [%pop ~zod]
```

Delta Follower
--------------

`:delta-follower` has two possible pokes, `&sub` and `%unsub`.

`:delta-follower [%sub ~zod]` will subscribe one's ship to updates
of `%delta` state happening in planet `~zod`. Upon successful
subscription the current state will be displayed as a Dojo log, and
further updates will also be displayed in this manner.

**Subscription**
```
>   '%delta-follower: subscribe succeeded!'
>>  [%fact %delta-update]
>>  [%init values=~[24.936 10.000 10.000 30 30.000 10.000 30.000]]
> :delta-follower [%sub ~zod]
```

**Update**
```
>>  [%fact %delta-update]
>>  [%push target=~zod value=0]
> :delta &delta-action [%push ~zod 0]
```

`:delta-follower [%unsub ~zod]` will unsubscribe one's ship to updates
of `%delta` state happening in planet `~zod`. So after this command no
more logs will be seen.

```
> :delta-follower [%unsub ~zod]
>=
> :delta &delta-action [%push ~zod 666]
>=
```
(Notice no logs are printed above the commands)

Looking at the internal state
-----------------------------

The easiest way to check internal state of an agent is to simply
run the `+dbug` generator with the agent as battery.

```
>   [%0 values=~[10.000 30.000]]
> :delta +dbug
```

Commit message:

refer to Dojo-specific syntax

README.md, after:

Delta
=====

`%delta` is an Urbit app for demonstrating how to handle
subscriptions.

`%delta` has to agents:

Delta
-----

`:delta` accepts a single action, `&delta-action`. It accepts
one of two marks, `%push` and `%pop`. `%push` takes a `@p` and
a `@` noun, which will be added to a list of `@` in the target
ship.

```
> :delta &delta-action [%push ~zod "ha"]
```

`%pop` takes a `@p`. It will remove the head of the list containing
the current agent state in the target ship.

```
> :delta &delta-action [%pop ~zod]
```

Delta Follower
--------------

`:delta-follower` has two possible pokes, `&sub` and `%unsub`.

`:delta-follower [%sub ~zod]` will subscribe one's ship to updates
of `%delta` state happening in planet `~zod`. Upon successful
subscription the current state will be displayed as a Dojo log, and
further updates will also be displayed in this manner.

**Subscription**
```
>   '%delta-follower: subscribe succeeded!'
>>  [%fact %delta-update]
>>  [%init values=~[24.936 10.000 10.000 30 30.000 10.000 30.000]]
> :delta-follower [%sub ~zod]
```

**Update**
```
>>  [%fact %delta-update]
>>  [%push target=~zod value=0]
> :delta &delta-action [%push ~zod 0]
```

`:delta-follower [%unsub ~zod]` will unsubscribe one's ship to updates
of `%delta` state happening in planet `~zod`. So after this command no
more logs will be seen.

```
> :delta-follower [%unsub ~zod]
>=
> :delta &delta-action [%push ~zod 666]
>=
```
(Notice no logs are printed above the commands)

Looking at the internal state
-----------------------------

The easiest way to check internal state of an agent is to simply
run the `+dbug` generator preceded with the agent name (using
**Dojo**-specific syntax).

```
>   [%0 values=~[10.000 30.000]]
> :delta +dbug
```
